fix: scope search config to data source; fix UBI index issue (#923)
opensearch-project/dashboards-search-relevance: CHANGELOG.md

### Bug Fixes

- Pass dataSourceId in Hybrid Optimizer and Pairwise experiment result queries so experiment views render on multi-data-source deployments ([#921](https://github.com/opensearch-project/dashboards-search-relevance/pull/921))

> - Query Analysis: fetch search configurations from the selected data source so the Search Configuration dropdown is populated on multi-data-source deployments. Judgments: show a clear error for the COEC click model when no UBI events data is available, while keeping the UBI Events Index optional (COEC uses the default UBI events index) ([#923](https://github.com/opensearch-project/dashboards-search-relevance/pull/923))

Reviewer: In general, you use pr title in changelog.
```suggestion
-  fix: scope search config to data source; require UBI index for COEC ([#923](https://github.com/opensearch-project/dashboards-search-relevance/pull/923))
```
